welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show
excited to be joined by brandon schaefer
today brandon's the founder
and ceo of simple business help he's a
corporate business strategist
who uses data and technology to help
entrepreneurs ceos
start-up founders improve their sales
processes improve their client and
prospect communications
and improve their lead generation
campaigns brandon a very warm welcome to
the show sir how you doing
hey cheers man thank you so much yeah i
sound so professional but you're gonna
see by the end of this you're gonna be
like that guy
is down to earth he's just like me so
good to be here man
cheers to that man looking forward to it
so there's
a focus we want to take on the show
today brandon i think we're gonna be
focusing on
how we can generate leads and keep them
flowing as a start-up business
um so we're gonna go diving deep into
lead generation sequences and activities
how people can stay
proactive for their business and their
sales and the kind of technology
and digital channels that we should be
looking at to drive results as well as a
kind of mindset
and maintain your positive attitudes
before we get into that good stuff
perhaps you can give us a quick three
five minute snapshot brandon on your
background
how you got into business perhaps if you
want to share a story with us or
whatever you want to do in terms of
letting the audience know a bit more
about brandon schaefer
yeah thank you so much for the time to
do that uh
you know i can start out when i was like
11 or 12. my grandfather was a
successful entrepreneur
in the vending business my mother ended
up being a successful entrepreneur
in many different market segments so i
just naturally grew up
in that entrepreneur type spirit in that
entrepreneur type mindset
and uh you know yes i went to school yes
i had the proper education but the most
valuable thing to me
what when you're in the um
on entrepreneur mindset you you you have
a never die attitude
right so um i call it like street smarts
all right so when when when street
smarts happen there's there's different
types of street smarts right there
there's types of of street smarts that
get you into trouble and those types of
street smarts
that help you grow and i took advantage
of the of
a little bit of both actually but um i
ended up
in in the end taking advantage of the
street smarts that help you be
a better person right to your family
to your business to yourself and that's
what i talk about today everything that
i talk about is going to be keeping it
human
everything that i talk about is going to
be how to maximize
every minute spent everything that i
talk about is is going to be how to
maximize every dollar
spent so um you know i came up through
the ranks
and obviously i was the gopher for my
family at the time used to pick up money
you know it used to be cash now there's
no cash but i used to drive around all
the stores and pick up the money
and uh that's how i started out and i
used to fill in
uh for everybody that didn't show up so
in business if you have a business
expect people not to show up you know
there's different issues that come up so
i was the gopher that kind of filled in
everywhere
and uh that's kind of my journey man and
i just i just kept putting the left foot
in front of the right
um i didn't know the exact uh
destination where i was going but i just
kept moving forward forward forward
i've multiple businesses over the years
some were successful some have failed
and uh you know i just keep moving
forward so that's kind of my journey sam
cool man we appreciate you running
through that with us now
i want to get into the juicy part i
don't want to waste time i want to talk
about
how startups or how new businesses even
small businesses
can generate leads and generate most
important a consistent flow of leads
because we've all had months brandon
where we've had
tons and tons of leads let's say we've
had really really great months and then
it comes to it comes the following month
or the following quarter everything's
drying up
we're trying to hound our existing
clients because we're scraping for
business we're not sure how we're going
to make ends meet so
perhaps you could um work from the
ground up really a structure of how we
can actually
make sure we've got a healthy pipeline
we've got a constant flow of inbound
leads so we're happy
our customers happy and most of all most
importantly our bank balance is happy
yeah yes of course so so there's
there's a three there's actually two
different three part segments
that i use right the first one is
identify educate cell
and the second one is is consistency
persistency and insistency
so i'll touch on the first one um in our
initial
talk here um identify
right most people go out and they think
that they're going to share something on
social and people are going to come
running to them because those are the
stories that we hear
right we we only hear of these success
stories of companies that say hey
i spend a a a dollar on a conversion on
facebook and and i get
you know hundreds of thousands of
dollars in business
that's probably not going to be the case
right
so what i typically do instead is
instead of throwing spaghetti up against
the wand hoping for the best what i
typically do
is i identify right there's identify
educate self so you must identify
who you want to get in front of now
listen i'm not sending this
a man or woman to space here what i'm
doing is simply
figuring out what is my product or
service okay
what's the widget i sell where does that
fit in
best what companies or what market
segment does that fit in best so then i
figured
i i break it down my market segment so
say it's just a legal market segment
right just just just for um
terms of example you know so so the
legal so i have a service that i sell in
the legal market
what i do is i go out and identify
within a certain
radius right so i say hey if i'm in um
bath uk or or some or
philadelphia or something like that you
know over here in the u.s
i'd say okay i want a 30-mile radius
of every legal firm in the philadelphia
area
and then out of there i'm going to go
through i'm going to get
i'm going to gather a list of companies
i'm going to put them on a google sheet
excel sheet some
in into a crm or some type
of recording mechanism so i have all
those companies there
then i'm going to go out and i'm going
to identify the individual
or individuals within each of those
companies
that handle the service
or widget or product that we sell
so if you're selling into an hr solution
we've identified the company name within
a certain radius
we've also uh identified the person in
human resources
we have their phone number we have their
email and then what we do simply
is we educate them and the way you
educate them is
by sending them an email by following
them on linkedin by connecting them with
them on linkedin
um by sending them a message on linkedin
hey this is what i do by sending them an
email by entering them
into a sequence all right so that you
have the proper
amount of follow-up and you're touching
them in a certain amount of times over a
certain period
of time this is sequencing 101 this is
business 101
so we've identified who these people are
we've educated them
and then the third is sell right so
eventually
once once we're through that process we
need to pick up the phone
and we need to say hey listen is there a
time when i can jump on
when when i can jump on with you on the
phone and get this thing done if this is
of interest to you
if not you grade them hot warm cold
after a 15 day period 30 day period
and then you go through and you start a
new cycle what is the exact follow-up
so that is identify educate cell that's
the first process that's
a along with a little bit of sequencing
which i think we're going to dive into
in a little while as well
so for anyone that perhaps doesn't know
sequencing branding we'll jump into this
in a bit more detail
i think step one that you mentioned the
actual identify your target market
um to set out where they're based
location wise
start putting in a list of ideal
companies that you want to work with
identify the actual right person who's
going to be the one that's going to be
potentially buying a product that makes
sense
in terms of the the second step
education step
um what can you give us a working or
tangible example of how we can educate
these people and what might be
of value um just maybe a template or a
format that you use brandon
yeah so it's it's just a simple outreach
right with some with
with a link or i usually don't like to
include links and emails now because
um some people don't click on them so i
usually just explain it
and listen state the i i'm not able to
say this
enough state the obvious
state the obvious be human be simple
everyone tries to get all coin and fancy
and right multi-paragraphs two sentences
hey i see you're in the local
philadelphia
area and then you do hr for xyz
firm the service that i have
is solving this solution for you
because of this law change or this or
the or this transition
in in economy you know can i give five
minutes to talk to you
right so that's basically one sentence
is probably less than a tweet
can actually hold but that's all people
are reading everybody's reading it on
their phone
everyone says html emails and everything
else like that and all these fancy
pictures
you have to put everything above the
fold
on your phone so they don't have to
scroll right put it right there so when
they look at it they can immediately say
hey
i'm going to take action on this or i'm
not because as soon as you start having
them scroll
it's going to be over so that initial
and i that initial education
is like a firework show so you go to a
fireworks show on july 4th right you see
bang bang bang bang bang bang bang
that's what you want you need to get in
them you need to get in their face and
let them know that hey
drive home that value drive home that
impact drive home
that that that experience that you want
them to have and let them know that you
saw the exact problem that they needed
at that
at that exact moment in time talk about
things that are relevant
you know we're not talking about things
from five years ago there's corona going
on right now i'm not gonna date stamp
this but
there's there's a big issue going on
right now so
so talk about that hey i saw a law
changed
i know you have to adapt to it by
december 31st
2020 my service my product my widget
is going to bring you into compliancy
dude
it doesn't get any simpler than that if
there is nothing more simpler
don't make it any more complex than it
has to be i see you not and you're like
dude this guy's fired up
yeah i love the energy and i love the
simplicity
and um i'm glad you didn't start the
email with i hope you're well or i hope
you're safe and well in these uncertain
times because i might have started
crying
no nothing like that man i state the
obvious right i keep it relevant
and i state like listen here here's
what's going on
here's the law that's changed and here's
what you can do
to solve the problem it's always if you
have this problem
but you don't know what to do i have the
solution
if but then if but then go to sleep
every single night saying that to
yourself what problems am i solving how
can i say it
in less words in less sentences no long
paragraphs you can see
that i i'll take anybody on that wants
to write five paragraphs first what i
can put in one sentence it's going to
have the same
thing right it may not be as eloquent
but people aren't reading eloquent
they're reading what's going to help
them at this
moment in time you know that's it short
and sweet
okay so that's the education factor and
then
when when we move on to step three this
the cell what what do you mean exactly
on your
definition of of the selling is that
booking the meeting or is that something
else on your
no no there's sales is not booking
meetings to me
sales is selling to me sales
is putting money in the bank to keep
your lights turned on
to to invest in r d to invest
in development and to to invest in
employees
right and to and above all to invest in
providing the ultimate
client experience to providing great
services for your clients services that
your clients will come back and rave
about because
to get a warm hand off from a current
client
costs you exponentially less than it
does to bring on a cold client
to bring on a cool client we're as as
we're going to get into later with the
sequencing
it takes a lot of work it's very very
expensive so you're better getting those
clients on board and providing them with
like
such amazing compelling super
duper experiences you know that they
that they tell their friend hey you have
to talk to sam
hey you have to talk to brandon he's
never let me down he's been there on
friday night when i called him at 10
o'clock he's been there on sunday at 2
o'clock when i called him
he's never let me down and that's what
companies want to
want just want to focus on providing
great great experiences
across the board that's the bottom line
great experiences
the most important thing and you have to
maintain the focus
you're going to get what you focus on if
you focus on getting appointment
you're going to get an appointment if
you focus on putting
ink to paper or getting documents signed
via docusign
or electronically or through your online
store that's what you're going to get
you have to focus on the ultimate goal
don't focus on the appointments the
appointments are going to happen if
you're focusing
on on on getting people to sign
a contract with you for your product
services widgets
that's you know what the appointments
are going to come right the meetings are
going to come naturally because
it's like walking upstairs in your house
i always tell my kids this our stairs go
like this like
like this and then like this it's like
three three different parts they go up
whatever
i always say listen try to jump
from the from the first step to the
first landing right
it's five six seven steps i'm like
it's never going to happen what you need
to do is put your left foot on the first
step
your right foot on the second step your
left foot on the third step your right
foot on the fourth step
and eventually get to the top those are
the things you have your goal you want
to make it to the first landing right
your sale
but you have to do the basics
to get there so have your eye on the
right prize the right prize
is not appointments you know the right
prize is signing
new customers getting new logos on board
you know so um i think i buried that
topic
agreed all right so we've talked about
identifying the target market educating
them and then selling to them
so let's talk about the sequences um
brandon unless
especially for anyone tuning in that's
perhaps not familiar with them or we
might have some some more seasoned
veterans that
running sequences each and every day be
it via email be it linkedin message be
over the phone whatever cadence they're
running
um perhaps you can give us an idea of
some sequences that work for you or
anyone that's
especially for startup companies that
haven't run them before what might be a
simple one that you can get stuck
into that's going to get them results ah
they're they're all simple
they're all simple to follow but
there's one difference you have to do
the work
you have to be willing to put the work
in daily
seven days a week 365 days a year
when your friends are at the football
club when when there's a baseball game
going on whether it's cricket game
netball
what whatever bobsled i don't know where
everybody is watching this but
it doesn't matter you have to put to
work in man so a simple sequence
is this right so you have an express
sequence you have like a mid-tier
sequence
and then you have like a long-term
sequence so i'll give you an express
sequence
this is over a seven day period day one
now i'm doing this for my head i'm not
looking at anything but i'm just doing
this from experience
day one you you've identified these
people right so they're they're all on a
spreadsheet
so then you add seven columns day one
day two day three days day four
day five day six day seven day one email
boom with that need if but then
statement
if but then day two phone call
hey if you don't hear back from them hey
i sent you an email yesterday
not sure if you got it it's important i
talk to you they're they're the
the the deadline to become compliance is
december 31st
love to talk to you boom call me you
know
and provide your number hang up day
three
rest day four email hey in case
and you're you're sending the first
initial email in a chain series that you
sent
so you have your first initial email you
hit forward on there or you use
a technology or system that
automatically appends that that
that information to your email when you
send it out
you're following up on that email with
it with the initial email saying hey
listen i've called i've sent you an
email this is what i want to talk to you
about this is why this is why
i want to talk to you here's where you
can find out more that's where you can
include a link to your site or anything
else like that
dave day four rest day five call again
you have to call again
you know you have to call again um
and a lot of people are afraid of the
phone people don't call they want to do
it all through email
when you want to close business and if
you want to close business fast enough
and you want to grow your business
you're going to learn to be an
expert on the phone because the phone
allows you
to handle objections hey
i have that already i i don't need your
services great who do you do it with
oh wow and then you know and then and
then you know
your competitors and hey i don't i
haven't heard any
i haven't heard any chat of them like
and anything to do with this new law
that's coming out or have they reached
out to you have they made you aware of
this
because most of the time the customers
aren't even going to be aware of what's
going on
and if you want to sell you make people
aware you know
um and then day seven is a simple email
followed last last time email
hey i've reached out to you two times
i've called two times if this isn't the
right time for you
then maybe another time is you put them
at at the end at the end of the seven
days you grade them hot warm cold
right if they haven't reached out you
put them cold and in two weeks you start
to cycle again
but maybe less you know maybe an initial
phone call maybe an email you switch
things up
but what you're doing is by sequencing
like that over a short period of time
is you're increasing your exposure
you're you're again you're shooting off
the fireworks show
and people see so many ads and so many
different
calls and and so many different emails
that they become oblivious
to the one-off type thing you have to do
it
in a particular sequence over a
short period of time to give that
initial like
boom boom boom that exposure you know
like hey he wants it or hey
she wants it so that's as simple as i
like it man
interesting and i like the fact that
you've graded it as well so if they
didn't respond perhaps they're cold and
you might reach out to them again in
another couple weeks or a month
um i guess i guess that we might be
somewhere in the in between where they
say
thanks to the message um we're not quite
ready for this or we're switching
vendors or we're looking to replace this
in six months or a year
and then you can add that as a follow-up
in your crm or at the other end of the
scale they say yes we are then you book
your demo your meeting your appointment
or
whatever it may be that's the next step
yeah that that that would be
warm so hot warm cold or abc your
red yellow green works great because
everyone's used to stop lights you know
um and if someone reaches out and says
like hey listen uh
n now is not a great time i always say
like
and listen i don't want to be too
forward here or anything else like that
and there's there's different people
there's different applications for
everybody
but typically when someone says now it's
not the right time and i haven't really
explained what i do
i say now is not the right time for what
i haven't even explained what what i'm
offering you like how can we have a
cover you know so anytime someone gives
you an objection
you have to become a master of
overcoming
objections and the way you do that is
through practice man practice with your
wife
your partner your aunts your uncles your
kids your dog the
yourself in the mirror you have to learn
every single objection what i say is
write down every objection
that somebody gives you in an email
write down every objection that somebody
gives you
on on a call and and find out and just
come to know
second nature just like you wake up and
brush your teeth just like you wake up
and shower or do whatever go for a run
or work out
you need to have three ways to overcome
that objection hey we just got that
great who did you get it from
what what what what what what made you
choose them
you know like what was the choice what
was the decision maker are you the
person that handles that
you see where i'm going here so we're
constantly we're because what happens is
someone throws a jab at you right you
you throw a little push someone throws a
jab at you or hits you in the stomach
most people stings and they just walk
away but when they
you need to throw a jab right back you
have to be able to do that
and if you're not able to do that then
you need to hire somebody that's a
that's a that's a sales person or that's
a closer or that can come in there and
do that
and know your strengths that's probably
the last piece that i want to go over
with this stuff here
in particular is is know your strengths
like if you're if your strength isn't
talking to customers but not in selling
then then getting it getting a support
role where you're educating them right
where you're doing the demos and then
let this the sales reps let the owners
of the company
let the high tier sales reps that that
love that stuff that thrive off the
energy to thrive off the
passion that can read the customers and
understand that hey
i need to drill down on this because i
see their left eyeball raising up or i
see them looking at the clock i better
hurry up or i see them like
now is not the right time now's not the
right time doesn't mean that
they don't want to buy it now is not the
right time that means your price is way
out of whack
they're not happy they're at the table
and they want to close the deal with you
but most people think now is not the
right time and they take it and take
their books and leave the room
you know that's not the way that it goes
so these are all signals the only way
you get to good at this stuff
is by working with professional right by
practicing you can tell that
i don't have any script in front of me
or anything else you know i'm doing this
all live
but i practice i work with a
professional development coach i
invest in training i invest in reading i
invest in watching
stuff like this that that i'm on right
now you know i watch this stuff daily i
commit
and that's the way you get better man
startup scene is not
easy sam it's not easy man everybody
says it does is flat out crazy
it's not you made a great you made a
great point earlier brandon all of these
are great points but
practicing overcoming objections with
your wife your partner
if you can over overcome an objection
with your wife partner girlfriend they
can probably overcome anything i think
we are when we are kids
we know we are master overcomers when we
wanted
the cookie in the cookie jar we were
persistent we it goes back to the cpi
we were consistent with our efforts we
kept walking back towards it
we were persistent we weren't going to
accept no and we were insistent by
sharing the value
of why we need to have that cookie to
our parents but what happens is
we get jaded as life goes on we forget
we stop being creative we stop being
we we start we stop being curious and
what you need to do as an adult it
doesn't matter if you're 20
30 40 70 80 100
you need to get that curiosity that
fight back
in you somehow some way and that's why i
say working with
working with him with a professional or
getting involved in a peer group
or getting involved in a mastermind is
so
important because you have to pull the
best back out in yourself
we lose the best in ourselves because of
it because of
outside situations that occur parents
split up
you know mom left dad left mom passed
away
they all they all kill our brain right
they all hurt
but but through through
you know getting over those challenging
times if you look at those it's like
challenging and i'm going to share that
experience in
in everything that i talk about in
business you're going to be successful
because that's what people can relate to
people can relate to human beings the
issue is that we try not to be human
we try to be so smart and uh and
everything else just talk like a human
being like me i'm just letting it rip
here
this is this is me this is not a script
this is not a book this is a culmination
of the experiences when my grandfather
told me well my grandfather died when i
was very young
but when when i was at his vending
company at 10 11 i used to run in the
back and the guys were fixing the
machines and the girls were counting all
the change through
through through all these huge machines
um
you know that's a culmination of that
experience
through 13 14 15 18 through working for
my mom from picking up money from from
from having to wake up at five o'clock
in the morning when all my friends were
still out partying
you know from from not sleeping and
rolling right into work
when everybody was out it's a
culmination right and what you need to
do is culminate all that stuff
write your own book and then start
sharing that with your clients like hey
i'm a human being this is what i do yes
i sell a service
yes it solves your problem can we talk
him can we get to know each other
you know if now if if if it doesn't fit
now it's okay
but just know that i'm out there and
then you need to follow up because
the fortune is in the follow-up right
you're not it's just like dating
you're not going to nail down everything
on the first on the on the first time
you don't want to nail down everything
on the first time you want to get to
know people they want to get to know you
it's the same type of thing but the only
way you're going to get anywhere in
dating and i'm happily married with
three kids at dog homes cars everything
else and i don't want anything like that
but when i was a long time ago it was
not easy man
you know you had to follow up if someone
wasn't into you
you had to reach out to them you know
hey can i catch up
maybe if they vote you would start
voting if they played soccer maybe you
joined that directly that they were on
or football whatever
what any any of the case you know what
i'm saying you have to hover around it's
like a 747 trying to land a heathrow
with bad weather right you go around the
circle a couple times and i see you
laughing there man because i
i i've been in that case many times
right you can't land you got to circle
around
you have to circle around heathrow
several times and it may not come on
your
it may not come on your time so you need
to be accepting
and willing to continue to follow up
without
anything in return for an extended
period of time man
brandon this is great man some really
valuable stuff for everyone sales
marketing business in general
so moving back to the lead gen side to
the sequencing side
is there any particular technology any
digital platforms do you recommend
brandon that have worked for you i've
worked for your clients that people can
get stuck into
um to make these sequences happen to
help them in the lead generation process
so
basically automating things so it can
save our time and
move things along quicker and
essentially get gets more inbound
inquiries
yeah every tool that i'm going to talk
about
has to do with organization organization
and data
up um yeah you can
like there there's i call it getting
over tooled there's so much technology
out there that people
invest in it has the wow factor it has a
firework factor
but it just doesn't solve the problem
automation everyone talks about i'm
gonna automate this process
listen there is not a process that i
know
besides building cars and that's not
even fully automated and widgets
and cutting metal holes and stuff like
that that's fully automated even if you
have a drill
and you're a landscaper and you're doing
trees
you'd have a machine that a person is
guiding
or electronically guiding to drill that
hole
every type of automation must have a
personalized touch behind it so there's
a lot of linkedin automation tools right
with messaging
but here's what happens and i'll give
i'll give you two quick example i'll
give you one quick example
so you decide to use one of the linkedin
automation tools to send direct messages
to all of your first party contacts
and include their first name right it's
really it's really savvy
but what if somebody's first name if
they have a star in front of their first
name
you know so when you send them that
first name they're going to see that
star
on their name right when you send
because it's just pulling that first
variable data
in the linkedin field what if somebody
passed away that you knew that hadn't
closed
their linkedin account yet you know so
what what if one of your good friends
recently passed away
three four months ago but didn't close
their linkedin profile
right their wife didn't get around to it
yet and you sent a direct message to
them saying hey
happy birthday but his wife is handling
his account to just bring
bring the business down he had his own
business how do you think that's going
to make them feel
that's not personalization you're better
off slowing down
to speed up and i know this is going to
sound contradictory because you say slow
and speed up in the same sentence
slow down right slow down
so you can speed up yes use the tools
but use them
properly i steer away from any type of
variable data fields
um i know people say use the first name
in there people are looking for the
first name
i mean that oh it's going to give you a
higher open rate people if people open
your
email they're going to open up your
email use the automation
with caution all right and work with
somebody who's used the automation
before
um the biggest thing is is like like i
said when i first started out
is is organization whether it's on a
google sheet
whether it's on an excel sheet whether
it's in salesforce whether it's in
copper whether it's in hubspot whether
it's in any of these thousands of tools
that are out there you have to have an
easy way
to sort filter tag
these contents so these not contents
contacts right you have to have an easy
way to
sort the contacts and then trigger
some type of communication with them so
don't get over told invest in
smaller technology that has some
automation built in
but doesn't promise you that it's going
to do everything because nothing's going
to do everything to you i promised my
wife on our marriage day that i was
going to do everything for her
and believe me i failed a thousand
freaking times i'll probably
hang up on this when when we get off
this call so don't make promises
you you you're not able to keep um i
know i kind of went off in the weeds
there but
you know i like i like it man i like the
fact that you're you're keeping it
simple you're talking about the process
and what's important
rather than necessary the specific tools
like you say there's so much technology
you can
you can wind up with and uh for my sins
i'm still using google sheets i've tried
many many different crms in my time but
they all they all take too much time to
update so i had to go back to a google
sheet purely because
it worked for me it won't work for
everyone but for my sales process my
management
does the trick which i guess yeah at the
end of the day is most important
yeah i just want to share on that so
google sheets is and i usually don't
mention names here
but but i have written classes for
google's primer app in sales and
and uh email marketing stuff like that
so i guess i can
i guess i can talk about a little bit
but um they i'm not going to pay to say
this or anything else but google sheets
is probably the best
the absolute best place to
to actually keep all of your information
on the back end yes you can put in the
sales force but you can export that
information
um into an excel sheet and then or csv
file and then import it into google
sheets
because what and what i mean by that is
yes you're going to use salesforce
because you're going to tie into a
marketo or some type of
uh you're going to tie into some type of
back-end system right to drive out
customer communication which is which is
fine but ultimately
if you're a small business owner if
you're a mid-sized business owner
and you don't want that huge investment
google sheets has all kinds of triggers
the in automations that you can set out
through scripts if you work with
somebody
like i have people come to me all the
time and say hey i want to do this i say
what what
what what system do you work in they're
like excel i said send me the sheet i'll
have it done for you in five minutes
they send me the sheet i upload that
sheet into google docs
and i write a quick script i send it
back to them they're like oh my goodness
i talked to developer and they said this
was gonna take me like
five days and and and it was to cost
thousands of dollars
use google sheets i'm telling you can
sort filter you can drive out emails
right right right from there
um it's so simple so so simple
especially in terms of your
identification
that's fun well good to hear good stuff
okay and
one last point before we wrap things up
when when things are tough
when perhaps you're in the very early
phase of a startup new business and you
are trying to acquire customers brandon
have you got any tips for us on how we
can
maintain a positive attitude how we can
uh turn that frown upside down
and how we can stay focused on the end
price of hitting our monthly sales quota
or
quarterly sales quota that we've got for
our new or our startup business and
actually make it happen
i'm gonna give you two words screw
it and i don't mean that in a bad way
you have to say
i don't care what you said because your
wife your your
your husband your partner kids aunts
uncles dogs just like i talked about
before
they're gonna tell you brandon you're
crazy
just go to nine to five just go down to
the local market and work like look at
the work like granddad did work like
grandma did work like your dad did work
like your mom did
they're gonna tell you that you're not
able to do it
those are the facts right because they
don't know any better because ninety
percent of people
out there are fixed mindsets if you're a
startup entrepreneur if you're a startup
founder
you have a growth mindset get around
other people
that have a growth mindset and in
inside of a mastermind inside of a of a
one-to-one group
inside of a training you you are who you
hang around look at five people
if you're hanging around people that are
robbing people that's probably what
you're going to do
if you're hanging around people that are
growing their businesses
and you're hanging around people that
are doing the right things for the right
reasons the right times
because they want to propel themselves
because they want to be the one that
changes their family tree
on a family tree there is always one
person uncle johnny
uncle johnny was the was it was the one
who went out right everybody else is
just on the branches
and then you see one person in that
family tree that makes a huge impact
that makes a huge impact
on their family that makes a huge impact
on their community that makes a huge
impact across the world
in business by by growing employee cow
by helping people know that they can do
better by helping people that may not
have had
the equal opportunity growing up to
actually do something special
right that's the difference be the
change maker man screw it
they say you can't do it say fine and go
and do it
that's it brandon this is classmate i
think this is possibly the most energy
we've ever had on the show so
i'm thrilled to have had you on dude
really appreciate you tuning in um so
everyone you've been listening
listening or watching to sam's business
growth show where we interview business
leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we found out their story how
digital marketing's helped along the way
and that gives you tips and insights to
help them
and help you grow your business brandon
is there one digital marketing channel
that you believe people should be
utilizing that's going to help them grow
their business or their sales from today
oh man you know i typically say linkedin
but whenever i hear like um
huge names talk like ed milot
uh grant cardone like names like that
they all push people to instagram
i don't know i don't know if i'm missing
something
or whatever else but for now for me what
works best is linkedin brandon shave for
philadelphia i'll come up number one
um i'll be there but but i'm sticking
with linkedin for now but i have a
funny feeling maybe a year from now
i don't know it seems like most people
are mentioning instagram and i don't
know how you feel about that but
that's one platform i haven't cracked
actually brandon i'm on linkedin all the
time as anyone who follows me or follows
the show will know
but instagram something i'm the same as
you i'm in the same boat so i haven't
cracked it
so if if you do let me know
i have enough time i'm busy enough
cracking i know what you mean
i know what you mean awesome so we like
to we like to ask everyone that comes on
if you can thank just one person if
you're dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be brandon and why
oh dude i would have to say you know
my initial thought was my mom but you
know i would have to save my wife for
busting my chops
i want to say another word but for but
for constantly
pushing me to do better my wife is
probably
my least favorite fan she's like your
lighting stinks
your your sound stinks you look terrible
you didn't put a shirt on
but you know what i know she's saying
that to drive me to do better but that's
just the way i think she understands the
way that i think and she
and she she if she says it nice and kind
to me i'm probably not going to get it i
need to be punched in the face to
understand it like five different times
so by her doing that it consistently
helps me drive and she's actually built
this background me i'm she's like your
your background looks like crap i'm
gonna help you
so you know i'd probably say my my my
wife
at this point for for being mean to me
and but
with with a good heart and she's a
lovely old english woman
and she always lets me know exactly how
it is and she cooks a lovely cottage pie
so
good man get that in there i was gonna
say for anyone that's tuning in on the
audio rather than video brandon's got a
beautiful background behind him lots of
plants
nice wooden board lovely bit of scenery
so it props out to his wife there
for the really great job brandon anyone
who doesn't know brandon schaefer how
can we connect from you
how can we learn from you and tell us a
bit more about your business and the
best way we can get in touch
yeah so i i just i usually post stuff to
linkedin
all the time you know two three times a
day um
if you want and i don't know the number
i'll give you i'll give you the number
i have a you text in but it is an issue
probably from from the uk with texting
unless you use
uh one of the other platforms but i send
out a a
it's basically a daily workbook you know
it's it's just one thing i do every
single day that i'm working on maybe the
sequencing it may be a quick piece of
motivation
um but um yeah you can connect with me
on linkedin and i'll i'll make sure i
get that out to you bye
bye bye uh direct message carrier pigeon
donkey plane whatever you have get in
touch with me
go through sam find me you you'll track
me down you'll see
awesome dude brandon thanks so much for
coming on man yeah thank you man i'd
love to come back i'll have you on my
show too
let's do it and everyone if you enjoyed
the show be sure to hit subscribe on
your podcast channel of choice
or on youtube just search sam's business
growth show we interview tons of
business leaders
each and every week so there's plenty of
you to enjoy brad and cheers again take
care man
thank you thank you are you tired of
constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts